Corrections, clarifications, and additions to oplock documentation (#1964)
MicrosoftDocs/sdk-api: sdk-api-src/content/fileapi/ns-fileapi-createfile2_extended_parameters.md

<td width="60%">
The file is being opened and an opportunistic lock (oplock) on the file is being requested as a single atomic operation. The file system checks for oplocks before it performs the create operation, and will fail the create with a last error code of <b>ERROR_CANNOT_BREAK_OPLOCK</b> if the result would be to break an existing oplock.

> If you use this flag  and your call to the <a href="/windows/desktop/api/fileapi/nf-fileapi-createfile2">CreateFile2</a> function returns successfully, you should request an oplock on the file by calling <a href="/windows/desktop/api/ioapiset/nf-ioapiset-deviceiocontrol">DeviceIoControl</a> on the new file handle with <a href="/windows/desktop/api/winioctl/ni-winioctl-fsctl_request_oplock">FSCTL_REQUEST_OPLOCK</a> or one of the other <a href="/windows/desktop/FileIO/opportunistic-lock-operations">Opportunistic Lock Operations</a>.  If you perform other file system operations on the file before requesting an oplock, a deadlock may occur. A deadlock is especially likely if you call a file system API that takes the name of the file rather than a handle, such as **GetFileAttributes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this flag and your call to the [CreateFile2](/windows/win32/api/fileapi/nf-fileapi-createfile2) function returns successfully, you should request an oplock on the file by calling [DeviceIoControl](/windows/win32/api/ioapiset/nf-ioapiset-deviceiocontrol) on the new file handle with [FSCTL_REQUEST_OPLOCK](/windows/win32/api/winioctl/ni-winioctl-fsctl_request_oplock) or one of the other [Opportunistic Lock Operations](/windows/win32/FileIO/opportunistic-lock-operations). If you perform other file system operations on the file before requesting an oplock, a deadlock may occur. A deadlock is especially likely if you call a file system API that takes the name of the file rather than a handle, such as [GetFileAttributes](/windows/win32/api/fileapi/nf-fileapi-getfileattributesa).
```

> <b>Note</b> You can safely call the <a href="/windows/desktop/api/handleapi/nf-handleapi-closehandle">CloseHandle</a> function on the file handle without first requesting an oplock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b>Note:</b> You can safely call the <a href="/windows/desktop/api/handleapi/nf-handleapi-closehandle">CloseHandle</a> function on the file handle without first requesting an oplock.
```
